the chronicles of past hangovers
presents the soul for parties
a womanizing specimen by vocation
partying the heart of the meeting
our friend suffers from the symptoms of
have gone out partying the night before
without remembering your work meeting
the next day
we can say that the farewells of
single can be fun but the
excesses you have will have repercussions
the next day
nelson let's bring the sales report
and now I bring him little boss
a technical stop
forgive my null lady
now
today
with your last strength our friend
managed to alleviate that terrible discomfort to
nothing like feeling renewed and no longer
feeling dizzy our friend is already
as new ready for action ready
for your meeting
take off the party from above take the k
extra relieves the discomforts of the rubber and
also re encourages you
and remember if you drink do not drive